= Interactive Story - MongoDB Edition

This is a test Sinatra application to show off the ease of use with MongoDB and MongoMapper.
If you're looking for a fully-featured blog application or something similar, this isn't the
place. However, feel free to fork this code and adjust it to add whatever you like!


== Dependencies

To run this application, you need the following gems:

* sinatra
* mongodb-mongo
* jnunemaker-mongomapper
* RedCloth

You also need a working install of MongoDB without --auth turned on. See http://www.mongodb.org 
for more details.


== Running

Once the dependencies are running, do this:

  git clone git://github.com:bratta/interactive-story.git
  cd interactive-story
  ./story
  
In your web browser, pull up http://localhost:12345


== Copyright and License

Theme modified from the Deep Red theme by Viktor Persson as found on http://www.oswd.org

Interactive Story - MongoDB Edition sample project
Copyright (C) 2009 Tim Gourley.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.